[DOCS] Fix Kibana timeout settings refs (#68594)
elastic/elasticsearch: x-pack/docs/en/security/authentication/oidc-guide.asciidoc

you may need to configure `elasticsearch.ssl.certificateAuthorities` to trust
the certificates that {es} has been configured to use.

> SAML authentication in {kib} is subject to the following timeout settings in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenID Connect authentication in {kib} is subject to the following timeout settings in
```
